adds meeting minutes for 2021-01-25 and 2021-01-28 meetings (#178)
ampproject/meta-ac: meetings/2021-01-25.md

*   Justin Heideman ([@justinph][justinph], Guest, NYT)
*   Julie Bacon ([@baconjulie][baconjulie])
*   Jeremy Keith ([@adactio][adactio])
*   Eli Budelli ([@elibud][elibud])
*   Moser de Souza ([@mobtec][mobtec])
*   Devin Mullins ([@twifkak][twifkak], Guest, AMP)
*   David Strauss ([@DavidStrauss][DavidStrauss], Guest, AMP TSC)
*   Chris Papazian ([@cpapazian][cpapazian], Guest, AMP TSC)
*   Candice Gleason ([@candice-womp][candice-womp])
*   Robin Berjon ([@darobin][darobin], Guest, NYT)
*   Sumantro Das ([@sumodas][sumodas])

## **Excused:**

*   Jono Alderson ([@jono-alderson][jono-alderson])
*   Joe Alicata ([@wirelessjoe][wirelessjoe])

# **Minutes:**

*   TSC & Design Review Meetings
    *   Let Jory know if you would like to attend Wednesday’s Design review meeting
    *   TSC review will be cancelled in favor of attending Design Meeting (conflict occurs every 3 weeks)
*   See Minutes from last meeting - approve PR once you’ve reviewed
*   Recording today’s presentations for sharing with the EMEA/APAC meeting. Not for historical archiving.
*   Presentation - Robin Berjon & Justin Heideman on the CAT proposal

>     *   Discussion of proposal for removing AMP Cache requirement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   Discussion of proposal to remove AMP Caches
      * For certain publishers, removing AMP caches is necessary for a broader diversity of content to exist and for fair competition in search engine placement.
      * Some smaller players see AMP caches as a welcome addition to speed-up their content and don't really have issues with them. 
```

    *   CAT Next steps - more discussions and input with stakeholders. Forward path TBD in discussion with others.
    *   Perhaps useful to break this into categories for requirements gathering?

>     *   AC could be helpful to the task of clarifying/documenting distinction between products - teasing out the different parts, and a description of the stakeholders/ problem/opportunity areas within each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *   AC could be helpful by clarifying and documenting the distinction between the different components of AMP (open source project and the related products, e.g. the AMP Caches), and clarify stakeholders/problem/opportunity areas within each.
```
